today we are going to make noodles with tuna and
egg and the ingredients that we're going to
use are 250 grams of noodles 3
eggs 2 small cans of tuna
drained 570 grams of tomato sauce
home-style half chopped onion
parmesan cheese powder olive oil
extra virgin and salt
we boil water in a saucepan
large and we throw a handful of salt and
a stream of virgin olive oil
extra
in another small pot we take it
water and salt
when it starts to boil, we throw the
noodles in the large saucepan and the
we cook the time indicated by the
manufacturer and in the other case we cook the
eggs for 10 minutes
once the pasta is al dente and the
We dump in a drainer
while draining the noodles
aside eggs fire them
we remove the water and submerge it
Quickly in cold water for a while
once cold we give them a few taps
so that it breaks the shell and we go
removing carefully as you see it is removed
easily
when they are all peeled we cut them
in medium pieces and we reserve
Now in a casserole pan more or less
big we squirt oil from
olive and to call it chopped onion
when poached, we incorporate the
tomato fried home style
the tuna
and boiled egg
we mix everything well while heating
on medium heat for about 3 or 4 minutes
we arrange the noodles on a plate and
we toss the sauce over
to top it off you can have a little
of parmesan cheese powder as we have
made us or also add a
little oregano to give them more flavor and
the recipe would be ready, we hope that
you like it if it's like this you can give it a
like the video or subscribe to the channel
until next time